Readme update of shop template (#30)
scale-it/algo-builder-templates: README.md

- [*htlc*](./htlc): There exists a descriptive example explaining how HTLC contracts work with Algo-Builder. It can be found [here](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/tree/master/examples/htlc-pyteal-ts). Use `algob deploy` to deploy scripts: which creates and fund HTLC contract account which is defined in assets/htlc.py. Withdraw from the escrow using React frontend (after `yarn start`).

> - [*shop*](./shop): Template with two rows to buy tickets: a) Queens Concert (5 ALGO); b) Beyonce Concert (10 ALGO). In this template we demonstrate usage of a payment widget to trigger a purchase (in this case it would be purchasing tickets for a concert). You can connect to the network using different wallets i.e either with MyAlgo Wallet, Wallet Connect or AlgoSigner. To know about wallet integration read [here](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/web-readme-update/packages/web/README.md) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [*shop*](./shop): Template with two rows to buy tickets: a) Queens Concert (5 ALGO); b) Beyonce Concert (10 ALGO). In this template we demonstrate usage of a payment widget to trigger a purchase (in this case it would be purchasing tickets for a concert). You can connect to the network using different wallets i.e either with MyAlgo Wallet, Wallet Connect or AlgoSigner. To know more about wallet integration read [here](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/packages/web/README.md) 
```
